Initial import (#1)
mdn/temp-processes: README.md

# Issue & PR processes for MDN

> Temporary repository to define issue and Pull Request processes with mermaid flow charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a temporary repository to define guidelines for contributors to raise issues and open pull requests and best practices and etiquette for reviewers while reviewing pull requests. These guidelines and processes will be supplemented with mermaid flow charts.
```
Let's stick to the spelled out version of PR - pull request, as in Github docs (they sometimes have the contracted PR in their sidebar but always spelled out in the article).

Author: good idea, thanks ✅
